panpipe.qml /usr/share/panpipe
Blowfish.js /usr/share/panpipe
resources /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/torch-on.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/media-playback-pause.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/view-restore.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/settings.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/microphone.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/incoming-call.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/favorite-selected.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/compose.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/camera-flip.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/import-image.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/media-skip-backward.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/save.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/close.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/filter.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/call-start.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/microphone-mute.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/keypad.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/voicemail.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/missed-call.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/keyboard-caps-lock.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/add.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/torch-off.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/hud.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/cancel.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/reload.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/browser-tabs.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/flash-off.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/location.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/favorite-unselected.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/go-next.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/back.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/media-skip-forward.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/go-previous.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/camcorder.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/avatar.png /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/keyboard-caps.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/media-playback-start.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/email.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/help.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/redo.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/share.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/flash-on.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/select.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/contact.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/messages.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/search.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/edit.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/find.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/speaker.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/call-end.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/speaker-mute.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/erase.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/new-contact.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/flash-auto.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/clear-search.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/view-fullscreen.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/delete.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/new-message.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/go-to.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/outgoing-call.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/keyboard-return.svg /usr/share/panpipe
resources/icons/undo.svg /usr/share/panpipe
PanpipeView.qml /usr/share/panpipe
pandora.js /usr/share/panpipe
PandoraInterface.qml /usr/share/panpipe
panpipe.desktop /usr/share/applications
